CARBINK A: [CALLING]
CARBINK B: [CALLING]
CARBINK C: [CALLING]
CARBINK A: [CALLING]
CARBINK B: [CALLING]
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING]
CARBINK D: [APPEARING] [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Get it, Dedenne!
CARBINK D: [QUESTIONING]
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
CARBINK D:
[QUESTIONING] [SURPRISED]
CARBINK D: [QUESTIONING]
DEDENNE, CARBINK D: [STARTLED]
DEDENNE: [SURPRISED]
DEDENNE: [PAINED]
BONNIE:
Dedenne, did you find the ball?
DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
BONNIE: What's that?
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
CARBINK D, DEDENNE: [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Wow, are you from
around here? My name's Bonnie.
This is Dedenne.
This is Squishy.
Someday both of them
are gonna be my Pokémon!
CARBINK D: [SCARED] [EXERTION]
BONNIE:
I wonder what it was doing?
DEDENNE: [MYSTIFIED]
CLEMONT: Bonnie? We're leaving!
BONNIE: 'Kay!
DEDENNE: [EXERTION]
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR:
On their way to Lumiose City
where Ash will be
entering the Kalos League,
our heroes are visiting the home
of their friends
Keanan and Goodra.
BONNIE:
We're finally here, Dedenne!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Yeah, I know you've
been really looking forward
to seeing Goodra again.
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: After all,
you two are really close.
SERENA: I'm sure Goodra will be
happy to see you too, Dedenne.
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
ASH: You know
I wonder how Goodra's doing.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Hey there!
KEANAN: It's Ash!
And the whole gang as well!
SERENA: Hi Keanan!
It's great to see you again!
ASH: We came to see Goodra, too.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
KEANAN: Goodra's by the spring.
Bellsprout,
would you please go get Goodra?
BELLSPROUT:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Ah, don't worry about it!
ASH: We'll go there ourselves!
KEANAN: I'm sure Goodra
will be glad to see you.
ASH: Thanks!
LOTAD X 2/WOOPER X 2/QUAGSIRE
/PINSIR/ARIADOS: [PLAYING]
ASH: Goodra!
GOODRA/FLORGES/FLOETTE:
[QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
DEDENNE: [CALLING]
ASH: Hi!
GOODRA/QUAGSIRE/ARIADOS/
LOTAD X2/WOOPER X 2/
YANMEGA X2/FLORGES/
FLOETTE/PINSIR: [EXCITED]
DEDENNE: [RUNNING] [CALLING]
GOODRA: [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
ASH: Goodra!
GOODRA: [EXCITED]
ASH: It's been such a long time!
BONNIE: Great to see you!
SERENA: Sure is! Are you well?
GOODRA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: It looks like
everybody's doing great!
LOTAD X2/WOOPER X2/PINSIR/
QUAGSIRE/ARIADOS: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Look, Goodra! Say hi
to my friend. This's Squishy!
SQUISHY: [GREETING]
GOODRA: [GREETING]
ASH: Everybody out!
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
HAWLUCHA: [APPEARING]
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
ASH: You see?
Some of my friends evolved!
ASH: Say hello to Noivern!
NOIVERN: [GREETING]
GOODRA: [GREETING]
GRENINJA: [GREETING]
TALONFLAME: [GREETING]
HAWLUCHA: [GREETING]
GOODRA: [GREETING]
LOTAD: [QUESTIONING]
LOTAD: [STARTLED]
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING]
LOTAD: [ANGRY]
LOTAD: [ATTACKING]
CARBINK D: [SCARED]
CARBINK D: [SANDSTORM MOVE]
LOTAD X 2: [SCARED]
LOTAD: [FLEEING]
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
LOTAD: [SCARED]
ASH: What's going on?
LOTAD X 2/WOOPER X 2: [SCARED]
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
ASH: Hey, stop it!
CARBINK: [QUESTIONING]
LOTAD X 2/WOOPER X 2: [PAINED]
GOODRA: [CONCERNED]
LOTAD X 2/WOOPER X 2: [STUNNED]
ASH: Who's that?!
BONNIE: Hey! I saw it before!
POKEDEX:
Carbink. The Jewel Pokémon.
Carbink are said to
come from deep underground
with its high pressure
and hot temperatures.
Their bodies are
as hard as diamonds.
ASH: So why did you do that?
CARBINK X 5: [EXCLAIMING]
BONNIE: Look at all the Carbink!
CLEMONT: Normally Carbink
live in caves deep underground.
CLEMONT:
I wonder why they came up here
CARBINK B: [RELIEVED]
CARBINK C: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE:
Maybe they're all friends.
CARBINK D: [ANGRY]
CARBINK D: [SANDSTORM MOVE]
CARBINK B, CARBINK C: [SCARED]
ASH/SERENA/
CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKACHU/
DEDENNE/GOODRA/
FLORGES/FLOETTE: [YELLING]
GOODRA/WOOPER X 2: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
CARBINK: [MOCKING]
SERENA: It disappeared.
CARBINK X 6: [AGITATED]
CARBINK B: [EXCLAIMING]
ASH: Hold on!
Do you know that Carbink?
It looks like all
of you are buddies.
CARBINK B: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CARBINK F: [DISTRESSED]
CARBINK E: [COMFORTING]
CARBINK A: [ANGRY]
SERENA: What do you
think we should do, Ash?
ASH:
You know, I'm not sure what.
I know we can't just
leave them all like this. 'Kay!
Let's all split up and
go find the other Carbink!
SERENA: Good idea!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CARBINK X 6: [EXCITED]
GOODRA/WOOPER X2/ LOTAD X2:
[EXCITED]
WOOPER X2/PINSIR/QUAGSIRE/
ARIADOS/BEEDRILL X 5: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Thank you, everybody!
ASH: So let's do it! Talonflame!
Noivern! I choose you!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
NOIVERN: [APPEARING]
ASH: Go find that Carbink, now!
TALONFLAME, NOIVERN:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Quick, Bunnelby!
Use Dig and start looking for
Carbink from under the ground!
BUNNELBY: [DIG MOVE]
ASH:
'Kay, 's all start looking!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
All right!
TALONFLAME: [CALLING]
NOIVERN: [CALLING]
ASH: Where are you, Carbink?
BONNIE: We want you to
stop hiding and come out!
DEDENNE: [SEARCHING]
BONNIE: Find anything, Dedenne?
DEDENNE: [NEGATIVE]
BUNNELBY: [APPEARING]
CLEMONT: Bunnelby?
BUNNELBY: [NEGATIVE]
PINSIR: [EXERTION]
GOODRA: [QUESTIONING]
ARIADOS: [NEGATIVE]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
LOTAD X 2: [NEGATIVE]
FLORGES: [CALLING]
FLOETTE: [CALLING]
FLORGES: [CALLING] [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [SURPRISED]
QUAGSIRE: [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [ACCUSING]
QUAGSIRE: [CONFUSED]
FLORGES: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
CARBINK X 6: [CALLING]
BEEDRILL: [STARTLED]
CARBINK D: [YELLING]
BEEDRILL RIGHT: [STARTLED]
BEEDRILL LEFT: [PANICKING]
JESSIE: Who's that
Pokémon making such a ruckus?
MEOWTH: That's a Carbink.
JESSIE: Oh. Carbink?
JAMES: The Jewel Pokémon.
JESSIE: Jewel Pokémon?!
JESSIE: Uh One second.
JESSIE: I'd guess transforming
a rather large Pokémon
like that into a teeny
ring isn't going to work
JESSIE: Or an earring!
JESSIE: My left earlobe
would droop much lower
than my right as a result!
JESSIE: Wait. A tiara! No.
It would give me a pointy head.
JESSIE: That's such a shame
JAMES: But those in the know say
its body is as hard as diamonds!
JESSIE:
Say, that's a fun fact! I know!
MEOWTH:
That's what I'm talking about!
JESSIE: Carbink‐catching time!
JAMES, MEOWTH: Sublime!
BEEDRILL X 3: [STUNNED]
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING]
FLORGES: [PLEASED]
FLOETTE: [AGREEMENT]
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING]
FLORGES: [SHOCKED]
FLORGES: [SHOCKED] [PAINED]
QUAGSIRE: [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [ANGRY]
FLORGES: [HIDDEN POWER MOVE]
QUAGSIRE: [EMBARASSED] [PAINED]
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING]
ASH: Any luck, guys?
PIKACHU: [DISCOURAGED]
ASH: No luck so far.
NOIVERN/TALONFLAME: [GREETING]
CLEMONT:
Maybe it went farther away.
ASH: Talonflame and Noivern!
ASH: Let's spread out even more!
NOIVERN/TALONFLAME:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Now then
First things first.
JESSIE: High tech!
CARBINK A: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: Carbink city!
CARBINK X 6: [CHATTERING]
JAMES: Quite a cadre!
JESSIE:
Lend me an ear, Meowth. Please
JESSIE: Translate.
MEOWTH: Well
To boil that babbling down
MEOWTH: It sounds like one
of their Carbink compadres
disappeared into thin air,
so they organized
a search party.
CARBINK X 6: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES: Could that be the
Carbink we witnessed before?
MEOWTH:
But I thought it went underg
JESSIE: Shut it!
We've already been over that,
so let's move on now, shall we?
CARBINK X 6: [HAPPY]
JAMES: So,
what's the current strategy?
JESSIE: Simple. We're going
to make use of all six of them.
JESSIE : We're switching to
six‐pronged strategy, pronto!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"It's Carbink!"
FLORGES: [QUESTIONING]
FLOETTE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
FLORGES, FLOETTE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CARBINK D: [SNEAKING]
FLOETTE: [STARTLED] [YELLING]
FLORGES: [QUESTIONING]
QUAGSIRE: [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [ANGRY]
QUAGSIRE: [DENYING]
FLOETTE: [DEFENDING]
FLOETTE: [EXPLAINING]
FLORGES: [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [CALLING]
BEEDRILL X 3: [QUESTIONING]
FLORGES: [COMMANDING]
FLOETTE : [DIRECTING]
BEEDRILL X 3: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CARBINK D:
[GIGGLING] [EATING] [GIGGLING]
BEEDRILL X 3: [SIGHTING]
CARBINK D: [STARTLED]
BEEDRILL X 2: [CHASING]
CARBINK D: [UPSET]
BEEDRILL X 3: [THREATENING]
CARBINK D: [DRILLING]
CARBINK D: [RESIGNED]
TALONFLAME: [SIGHTING]
NOIVERN: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Where are you?
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
TALONFLAME: [EXCITED]
ASH: Did you find the Carbink?
GOODRA: [QUESTIONING]
TALONFLAME: [EXPLAINING]
ASH: Bonnie, let's go!
BONNIE: 'Kay, De and Squishy,
hang on tight
BONNIE:
Squishy? Where's Dedenne?
SQUISHY: [UNSURE]
NOIVERN: [CALLING]
CLEMONT: Found it?
FLORGES: [IRRITATED]
CARBINK D: [ASHAMED]
ASH: There they are!
ASH: What a relief!
We've been looking for you!
Your friends have been looking,
too, you know
ASH: Where'd they go?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: Where's Bonnie?
JAMES: What a beauty.
JESSIE: And it's all ready!
MEOWTH: All we've
gotta do now is populate it
with a few Carbink.
DEDENNE: [SHOCKED] [RUNNING]
CARBINK A: [PAINED] [DESPONDENT]
DEDENNE: [EXERTION] [CALLING]
CARBINK X 6: [QUESTIONING]
CARBINK A: [RELIEVED]
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING]
[LOOKING] [EXERTION]
DEDENNE: [EXERTION] [EXHAUSTION]
DEDENNE: [NUZZLE MOVE]
DEDENNE: [STUNNED]
JESSIE: A Dedenne?
JAMES:
It's the Mini‐Twerpette's!
DEDENNE: [STARTLED]
JESSIE: Oh, no you don't
JESSIE:
Now, Gourgeist, use Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
JAMES: And Inkay, use Psybeam!
INKAY: [APPEARING]
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [SHADOW BALL
MOVE][PSYBEAM MOVE]
DEDENNE: [DODGING]
DEDENNE: [RUNNING] [YELLING]
BONNIE: Dedenne? Dedenne?!
Where did you run off to?!
DEDENNE: [CALLING]
BONNIE: Dedenne!
DEDENNE:
[RUNNING] [JUMPING] [YELLING]
BONNIE: What's going on?!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH: Bonnie was just
with us a minute ago
CLEMONT: Right, which means she
couldn't have gotten too far.
BONNIE: COME BACK!
CLEMONT:
Bonnie? Where have you been?!
BONNIE:
Please don't do this NOW!
ASH: What's going on?!
INKAY: [YELLING]
GOURGEIST: [YELLING]
ASH: Not you again
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
you Twerps seem surprised!
JAMES: And make it double,
you should have surmised
JESSIE: To protect the
world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce
the evils of being soft!
JAMES: To extend our
reach to this robotic loft!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for a home‐wrecking fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
SERENA: What is that
silly‐looking thing?
JESSIE: Silly‐looking thing?!
JESSIE: Look again!
We've attached
several diamond‐hard Carbink
to our robot's arms.
There's nothing silly about it!
CARBINK D: [SHOCKED]
JESSIE: We call it The
Carbink Robo‐Drillalizer!
ROBOT: [THREATENING]
CARBINK B/CARBINK C:
[STRUGGLING]
CARBINK D: [UPSET]
CARBINK B: [REALIZING]
CARBINK B: [FURIOUS]
CARBINK D: [SCARED]
ROBOT: [THREATENING]
MEOWTH: Now it's crunch time!
JAMES: Brilliant!
They're truly hard as diamonds!
MEOWTH: And a lot cheaper!
GOODRA/FLORGES/FLOETTE/PINSIR
/WOOPER X 2: [SCARED] [YELLING]
WOOPER X 2/LOTAD X 2: [PAINED]
PINSIR/ARIADOS: [PAINED]
FLORGES/FLOETTE/QUAGSIRE:
[SCARED]
CARBINK: [SCARED]
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
ASH: Can't stand those guys
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
MEOWTH: This baby's
built to buck your bolts!
PINSIR/ARIADOS: [EXERTION]
ARIADOS: [YELLING]
PINSIR: [YELLING]
MEOWTH: Or any shenanigans,
for that matter
ROBOT: [THREATENING]
CARBINK D: [OUTRAGED]
CARBINK D: [PLEADING]
GOODRA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOODRA:
[COMMANDING] [WHISPERING]
ASH: Carbink! Goodra!
Do you two guys have an idea?
ROBOT: [THREATENING]
MEOWTH: What are
those nitwits up to now?
JESSIE: Bring it on, hardhat.
CARBINK D: [DETERMINED]
GOODRA: [COMMANDING]
QUAGSIRE/WOOPER X 2/LOTAD X 2:
[HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
ASH: That's it! They're using
Carbink against Carbink!
CARBINK A: [GRATEFUL]
CARBINK D: [URGING]
CARBINK/CARBINK A: [DETERMINED]
GOODRA: [COMMANDING]
QUAGSIRE/WOOPER X 2/LOTAD X 2:
[ATTACKING]
JESSIE: No fair! Broken arms!
MEOWTH: Being hard as
diamonds can wreak havoc
on a bunch of chumps
with hard heads!
CARBINK B/CARBINK C: [GRATEFUL]
CARBINK D/CARBINK A:
[DETERMINED]
CARBINK D/CARBINK A/
CARBINK B/CARBINK C: [YELLING]
GOODRA: [COMMANDING]
QUAGSIRE/WOOPER X 2: [ATTACKING]
LOTAD X 2: [ATTACKING]
CARBINK X 7: [HAPPY]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/
BONNIE/PIKACHU/GOODRA/
PINSIR/LOTAD X 2/WOOPER X 2/
QUAGSIRE/BEEDRILL X 2: [HAPPY]
JESSIE:
Then we'll take them by force!
Gourgeist,
Shadow Ball, let's go!
JAMES: Inkay, Psybeam!
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
LOTAD X 2: [PAINED]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
QUAGSIRE/WOOPER X 2: [PAINED]
GOODRA: [SHOCKED]
JAMES: Psybeam, again!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
GOODRA: [YELLING]
GOODRA: [ANGRY]
ASH: Way to go, Goodra!
Use Dragon Pulse!
GOODRA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [PANICKED]
GOURGEIST/INKAY: [PAINED]
ASH: All right!
CARBINK X 7: [PREPARING]
ASH: Now, Goodra,
use Ice Beam full blast!
GOODRA: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
CARBINK X 7: [POWER GEM MOVE]
JESSIE: Our Drillalizer
showed such promise
MEOWTH: What's a promise
if you can't keep it?
JESSIE/MEOWTH/JAMES:
We're blasting off again!
INKAY, GOURGEIST: [RESIGNED]
CARBINK D: [APOLOGETIC]
CARBINK A: [FORGIVING]
CARBINK B: [REASSURING]
BONNIE: They're making up!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: It looks
like this case is closed.
ASH: Awesome.
SERENA: What a relief!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CARBINK D: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: Just don't make any trouble
for your friends anymore, okay?
CARBINK D: [GIGGLING] [FAREWELL]
CARBINK A: [FAREWELL]
CARBINK X 7: [FAREWELL]
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
CLEMONT: Be careful!
BONNIE: Take care,'kay?
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
CARBINK D: [FAREWELL]
CARBINK X 6: [FAREWELL]
QUAGSIRE/LOTAD X 2: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Take that! Splishy!
Splashy! Splishy! Splashy!
HAWLUCHA: [DIVING]
DEDENNE: [PREPARING] [DIVING]
BONNIE:
Wow, Dedenne, what a dive!
DEDENNE: [YELLING]
SQUISHY: [GURGLING]
SERENA: Everybody needs
a little down time.
Rest up for the Kalos League!
CLEMONT: It won't be too long
ASH: You bet.
I'm gonna give it my best
and win the Kalos League!
PIKACHU/NOIVERN/GRENINJA/
HAWLUCHA/TALONFLAME: [CHEERING]
GOODRA: [ENCOURAGING]
ASH: Don't worry.
I'll win it for sure!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
NARRATOR: Thanks to our heroes
and a group effort by
some determined Pokémon,
a rather unusual situation has
been resolved at Goodra's home.
Next up?
The Kalos League begins,
as the journey continues!
MEGA LUCARIO: [PAINED]
LUCARIO: [PAINED]
KORRINA: So strong!
GURKINN:
Lucario is unable to battle!
Which means,
the challenger wins!
KORRINA: Here's the proof
that you won at the Shalour Gym.
The Rumble Badge!
KORRINA:
Now that you have eight badges,
you're going to enter
the Kalos League, right?
ALAIN: Right. To battle someone.
KORRINA: Then I sure
hope it all works out.
ALAIN: He's strong all right.
He'll rise to the top for sure!